 Dear Students, Great futurist Alvin Toffler quoted,
 "The illiterates of 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write but 
 will be those who cannot learn, unlearn and re-learn". How times change! The corporate sector and its industries are witnessing an 
 unprecedented era of growth and transition, seemingly perpetuating. As we stand in the third millennium, the corporate sector promises 
 rich rewards - both monetary and social, to those willing to take a plunge. A general consensus exists in the people of this nation that the only viable solution to our problem lies in planned investment in HR and education. The portal of higher education in India is open to students who perform well in stringent competitive exams. This leads to stiff competition among millions of students and this is where value organizations like ARDENT STUDIES steps in to add value to students' preparations We adopt unique teaching methodology, followed by rigorous training. We at ARDENT STUDIES believe that the youth need a total transformation in terms of "Education and Motivation that could lead them to great success in this abruptly changing era. "Learning Re-defined" signifies the innovative methods in teaching clubbed with heavy doses of motivations that make students crack any national level competitive exams like CAT, CMAT, XAT etc. "Appa Deepo Bhowah" explores the very essence of being self motivated. Right from the inception of ARDENT STUDIES in March 2010, students' success has been our driving force to excel in this field. We primarily inculcate these two things in our students which resulted in unmatched results like Eight All India Toppers with 100Percentile and Seventeen 99+ Percentilers, IIM selects in the very first year and hundreds of compus placements, setting ARDENT STUDIES a class apart from its contemporaries. 
 We would like to continue this trend as our prime motive is to give much more back to the society whatever 
 it would have given us in terms of prosperity and happiness. This sacred goal of prospering the society cannot 
 be achieved without you being successful. And together we surely will achieve it Let's.
Results for Dear Students



No results found for "Success is not an accident but a planned process." MBA Colleges in India IIM IM IIM Elite Xavier Labour 
Relations institute, Jamshedpur (XLR) Indian institute of Foreign Trade, Delhi and Kolkata (IFT) Faculty of Management Studies, Delhi (FMS) -
 SP Jain institute of Management Research, Mumbai (SPIIMR) Indian School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad Top Notch National institute of 
 Industrial Engineering, Mumbai (NITIE) Jamnalal Bajaj institute of Management Studies, Mumbai (BIMS) The IIT-Schools of Management & 
 I1Sc-Banglore • Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies, Mumbal (NMMIMS) > Symbiosis Institute of Business Management, Pune (SIBM) 
 Management Development Institute, Gurgaon (MDI) Institute of Management & Technology, Ghaziabad (IMT) Excellent • Xavier's Institute of Management, Bhubaneshwar (XIM) - T. A. Pai Management Institute, Manipal (TAPMI) Nirma Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (NIM) KI Somaiya Institute of Management Studies, • Mumbai University Business School, Chandigarh (UBS) Goa Institute of Management, Ribandar (GIM) Well Established • Lal Bahadur Shastri Institute of Management Birla Institute of Management & Technology (BIMTECH) Loyola Institute of Business Administration, Chennai (LIBA) . Welingkar Institute of Management Development & Research, Mumbai & Bangalore International Management Institute, New Delhi Specialized Institutes - Indian Institute of Forest Management, Bhopal (IFM) Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai (TISS). Xavier Institute of Social Science, Ranchi (XISS) Master of Finance & Control, Delhi (MFC) Mudra Institute of Communications, Ahmedabad (MICA) IIM A, L-Agri Business Management (ABM) IIM C- Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Aided Management (PGDCM) Institute of Rural Management, Anand (IRMA) Symbiosis Institute of Telecom Management, Pune (SITM) Symbiosis Institute Mass Communication, Pune (SIMC) Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDI), Ahmedabad National Insurance Academy (NIA), Pune National Institute of Bank Management (NIBM), Pune National Institute of Construction and Research (NICMAR)Pune National Institute of Agricultural Extension Management (MANAGE). Hyderabad National Power Training Institute (NPTI), 
 Faridabad ARDENT STUDIES Learning Redefined!.